# artify..
Organizes a given Spotify playlist by color of album artwork in rainbow order

This program takes in a given Spotify playlist and orders the songs based on the dominant color code of each album artwork. The dominant color is the most occuring color in the image, which is much more useful in this case as opposed to the average color code. I was able to gather this information by getting the album artwork image from Spotify, converting the URL to an HTML element, then using the ColorThief library to return the dominant color code of the image. to I utilized a dictionary to reorder the songs, with track URI's (spotify's unique identifier of songs) and corresponding dominant color codes serving as the key-value pairs. Once reordered, I added a list of the track URI's to a new playlist.

Although this program runs as it should, there are a few things I would like to improve. For starters, Spotify only allows you to get the first 100 track URI's from a playlist, which means this program will return a playlist with less than the amount of original playlist's songs if the original playlist has more than 100 songs. I am currently trying to find an efficient solution to this problem. Another thing I would like to improve is the run-time of this program. There is certain problem area, specifically where I convert the given spotify image url into an HTML image element, that takes longer than it should to run. I am currently unsure as to why it takes longer at this step, but I am trying to figure it out and also looking for alternative solutions to this problem.

Writing this program taught me more on how to use the Spotify API and gave me experience with using python libraries. I also learned about sorting dictionaries, specifically by color, which I taught me alot. It was very interesting to learn about how hard it actually is to sort by color, and all the different sorting methods there are to minimize this difficulty.
